There are some issues need attention:

1. The phone number, Even though user did not provide any phone number while registering teir account, the system automatically put the temp phone (+1 555 0000000) in the database and uses this phone number every when as user contact info in team portal, please let the system to use "(N/A)" text when there is no phone numer given by the user, Investigate ebvery single areasin the team/user portal where this temp number is being used and replace it to real info.
2. The rank names issue, There is an issue with the rank names, please change the rank name "Baja Ji" to "Bawa Ji", "Supreme chacha" to "Chacha Supreme". Ensure no funcational changes hust change their names. Also investigate each areas where these names are being used, after update is all these places now showing right names.
3. The rank updating funcation, Please remove the feature of Rank Control from the User Intelligance/User CRM/TEAM PORTAL. ensure no funcationality errors and issues after this change.Instead of this funcation, add-on feature in the same place, the feature called "Trust Status", It lets team member to select if user is Special, Trusted, Normal or Dangerous also let the team member to place a reason for declaring the user (special, trusted, normal or dangerous) which will be necessary. Use this Status info in Leaderboard (mentioned in detailed below)
4. The User Intelligence modal, Please update these texts of the modal to the new ones, Change modal name from User Intelligance to "User Bio Data", Remove the ID (eg.,ID: c2a21229-35fa-4e41-828a-a033f596b91f), In the IDENTITY AREA, Name and TX-ID IS GOOD, change the text CONTACT NODE to "Contact", remove the texts "Financial Ledger", "System Metadata" and "Referral Intelligence". For buttons, change the text Observations to "Notes", Network Map to "Referral Tree" and Adjust Ledger to " Adjust Balance". Also please fix the visibility issue of these button's text causing visibility problems when mouse hover.
5. The user full name, When user only uses its first name in his/her profile or while creating account, the system shows user's first name two times, sys uses the first name for last name as well, Fix this issue for user so when they use their first name only sys should not automatically clone his/her first name for last name.
6. The leaderboard, In the Leaderboard section of Team portal, the system is using Team member data for Rankings in leaderboard, The leaderboard is only for Users. Also, in the leaderboard, Status area,there are two tags currently being used (Rank and verified), keep the Rank tag as it is, replace the Verified tag with the User Trust status, If there is not declared use text "(N/A)". keep the tag design same to rank tag.
7. When user successfully updated its rank, he got the congratulations message instantly but his profile data (Rank, profile character and avatar options etc.) through out entire User portal (Dashboard header, profile settings modal, Referral tree etc.) is not instantly updated, let User's data to update instantly when changes.
